Add announcement to update to consensus.md (#1419)
WebAssembly/meetings: main/2023/CG-11-07.md

    1. Introduction of attendees
1. Find volunteers for note taking (acting chair to volunteer)
1. Proposals and discussions

>     1. Announcement: Updates to the concensus process to include online meetings [PR](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/pull/1418) [Deepti Gandluri, 5 mins]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Announcement: Updates to the consensus process document to include online meetings [PR](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/pull/1418) [Deepti Gandluri, 5 mins]
```
